---
layout: default
img: learnvalorization.png
category: Services
title: Lea(r)n <span class="red">Valorization</span>
description:
---
<script type="text/javascript" src="//s3.amazonaws.com/downloads.mailchimp.com/js/signup-forms/popup/embed.js" data-dojo-config="usePlainJson: true, isDebug: false"></script><script type="text/javascript">require(["mojo/signup-forms/Loader"], function(L) { L.start({"baseUrl":"mc.us2.list-manage.com","uuid":"b8ac525f48e3c47dfefe339fb","lid":"331b37ca8c"}) })</script>

_Ever wondered why small startups can raise millions of dollars? Digital ventures have different valorization patterns than traditional companies; their scaling mechanics are **digital**. To build a successful digital company, you need an operational model, plan and metrics that allow you to answer questions like:._

* _What kind of assets do I have to build within my digital company to positively impact my valuation, and how does that differ from the asset buildup of traditional, non-digital companies?_
* _What are the key operations, roles and indicators in **scaling** my digital venture?_


### This upcoming book will cover
* Product & technology in a digital world: the valorization mechanisms for the digital Economy
* Valorization model of a digital venture: the drivers for valuation, success and viability
* Scaling phases and team evolution: organizing for growth
* Operational and financial management parameters: the dashboard for valorization


### About the author
Peter Verhasselt coaches technology companies in optimizing their Product Management, Business Plan and Go-to-Market strategy. He is the founder and coordinator of MISTRAL©, Strategy coaching for technology driven SMEs and STARTATHLON©, a Go-to-market Academy for SaaS and IoT companies. Verhasselt advised and scaled over 200 tech companies. He is a member of the advisory board of fast growing ventures Yools, Electronic Design Int. and FX-Motion (acquired by Ross Robotics). He’s an expert in the Technology Entrepreneurship Master Classes of VUB, ULB Solvay and Antwerp Management School. Before joining Sirris and Agoria, Peter worked for industrial companies in Sales and Product Management, Field Service Management, R&D and Intellectual Property. Peter has degrees in Engineering, Law, Economics and Management.

<a href="https://twitter.com/share" class="twitter-share-button" data-url="http://leanvaluation.co/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Twitter&utm_content=frontpage&utm_campaign=share_button
   " data-text="Can't wait for the #lean #valuation book." data-via="leanvalue" data-lang="en">Tweet</a>
<script>
   ! function (d, s, id) {
       var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
       if (!d.getElementById(id)) {
           js = d.createElement(s);
           js.id = id;
           js.src = "https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";
           fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
       }
   }(document, "script", "twitter-wjs");
</script>
<script src="//platform.linkedin.com/in.js" type="text/javascript">
   lang: en_US
</script>
<script type="IN/Share" data-url="http://www.leanvaluation.co/?utm_source=Linkedin&amp;utm_medium=Linkedin&amp;utm_content=frontpage&amp;utm_campaign=share_button" data-counter="right"></script>
